Schedule of Activities Demo App

Installation:
run rake setup after bundling gems.

Stories:
 1. A user can create and manage custom menu items which include groups of links to site pages.
 2. A user views a menu with bold groups and normal links as a left sidebar on all pages.
 3. A user can click links in the sidebar menu to open pages.
 4. A user can create and manage tasks that have a name and description.
 5. A user can create and manage visits that have a name, description and a day.
 6. A user can view a grid with horizontal visits ordered by day and name and vertical tasks ordered by name.
 7. A user can click a "Create Task" button on the grid page that opens a popup to create a new task. The newly created
    task should be visible in the grid.
 8. A user can click a "Create Visit" button on the grid page that opens a popup to create a new visit. The newly
    created visit should be visible in the window.
 9. A user can double-click an empty cell that opens a popup to create an activity with a purpose selector and
    footnotes field.
10. A user views activities with:
    a. A green check for an existing activity.
    b. A red (-) sign if the activity has no purpose.
    c. A blue corner triangle if it has footnotes.
11. A user clicks a task to select it in the grid and to show the task info in a detail pane at the bottom of the page.
12. A user clicks a visit to select it in the grid and to show the visit info in a detail pane at the bottom of the
    page.
13. A user clicks an activity to select it in the grid and to show the activity info in a detail pane at the bottom of
    the page.
14. A user double-clicks an existing activity in the pane to open a popup to edit it and simultaneously select it in
    the grid and display its info in the detail pane.
15. A user can delete an activity in the SOA view.
16. A user can manage and sort the menu by drag and drop.
17. A user can drag and drop a row in the grid to reposition it.
18. A user can drag and drop a column in the grid to reposition it.
19. A user views an under-populated grid with a "Google Stock Charts" like ajax population functionality to improve
    initial grid page load times.